\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[
]{article}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \defaultfontfeatures[\rmfamily]{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=1}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{% use microtype if available
  \usepackage[]{microtype}
  \UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\makeatletter
\@ifundefined{KOMAClassName}{% if non-KOMA class
  \IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
    \usepackage{parskip}
  }{% else
    \setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
    \setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}}
}{% if KOMA class
  \KOMAoptions{parskip=half}}
\makeatother
\usepackage{xcolor}
\IfFileExists{xurl.sty}{\usepackage{xurl}}{} % add URL line breaks if available
\IfFileExists{bookmark.sty}{\usepackage{bookmark}}{\usepackage{hyperref}}
\hypersetup{
  pdfborder={0 0 0},
  breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{-2}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
  \let\oldparagraph\paragraph
  \renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
  \let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
  \renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother


\date{}

\begin{document}

\#Philip D. Bulsink, BSc., MSc.

\#\#Contact Information h:
\href{mailto:bulsinkp@gmail.com}{\nolinkurl{bulsinkp@gmail.com}} w:
philip.bulsink@canada.ca

\#\#Summary: A proven problem solver with expertise in computational,
inorganic, and analytical chemistry. Comfortable with aggressive
learning curves and development of novel ideas. Exploring data analysis
using Python and R.

\#\#Education: Master's Degree, Chemistry, 2015, University of Ottawa *
Thesis: ``Rhenium(I) Terdentate Compounds: Theoretical and Experimental
Investigations'' * Seminar: ``Recent Advances in NOx Abatement from
Diesel Engine Emissions'' * Tasks: Synthesis \& characterization of
ligands and catalysts with novel photochemical properties. In-depth
mechanism studies with various computational packages. Developed
software in Python to simplify \& accelerate work. * Supervisors:
Dr.~Tom Woo and Dr.~Darrin Richeson

Bachelor of Science, Honour's Chemistry, Co-op, Music Minor, 2012,
University of Waterloo * Honour's Thesis: ``Solid Sample Analysis by
Microplasma Optical Emission Spectroscopy''

\#\#Professional Experience: Fuels Chemist, Characterization Laboratory,
CanmetENERGY, Natural Resources Canada 2014 - Present Perform method
development and routine analysis, including GC-MS, SEM, and ICP-MS, for
solid, liquid and gaseous samples. Manage statistical control charts and
other documentation for ISO9001 certification. Oversee instrument repair
and maintenance. Represent laboratory at internal and external client
meetings.

Laboratory Teaching Assistant ,University of Ottawa, University of
Waterloo September 2011 - May 2014 Teaching assistant for undergraduate
labs in general, organic, inorganic, analytical, and physical chemistry.
Demonstrated techniques and explained theoretical basis for experiments.

Research Assistant - DeNOx Group May 2010 - August 2011 (12 months
total) Research of homogeneous catalysts for removal of NO and NO2 from
lean burn diesel engine exhaust. Improved catalyst testing procedures.
Scaled catalyst synthesis by 3 orders of magnitude. Custom-built
instrumentation and software for investigations. Prepared manuscripts
for publishing.

Analytical Chemist, Kinectrics Inc. September - December 2009 Adhered to
stringent ISO 17025 and ISO 14000 specifications while performing
various chemical analysis. Developed, verified, and documented new
analytical techniques. Prepared and tracked round-robin test samples for
distribution to other laboratories.

Analytical Chemist - Characterization Laboratory, CanmetENERGY, Natural
Resources Canada January - April 2009 Performed analysis of solid and
liquid fuel samples. Designed and implemented a software based quality
control monitoring system to assist ISO 9001:2000 compliance. Repaired
analytical instruments.

\#\#Honours and Distinctions: * Dean's Scholarship, University of
Ottawa, 2015 * Dean's Honour Roll, University of Waterloo, University of
Ottawa, 2011 - 2014 * Graduate Student Poster Award, CSC Inorganic
Division Poster Symposium, Quebec City, 2013 * Recognition of
Collaboration Award, CanmetENERGY, Natural Resources Canada, 2012 *
Aileen Proudfoot Award, CanmetENERGY, Natural Resources Canada, 2011 *
Outstanding Co-op ranking, University of Waterloo, 2009 - 2012

\#\#Selected Publications: * Bulsink, P. ``Transforming the Chemistry of
Rhenium I: Physical and Theoretical Investigations'',
\href{http://www.ruor.uottawa.ca/handle/10393/32065}{Univeresity of
Ottawa Thesis, 2015}. * Stanciulescu, M., Bulsink, P., Caravaggio, G.,
Nossova, L., Burich, R. ``NH3-TPD-MS study of Ce effect on the surface
of Mn- or Fe-exchanged zeolites for selective catalytic reduction of NOx
by ammonia'', \href{http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apcatb.2012.04.012}{App.
Surface Sci., 300, pp.~201-207, 2014}. * Bulsink, P., Korobkov, I., Woo,
T., Richeson, D. ``Transforming the chemistry of Re(I) to access the
Elusive Pincer Geometry'', CSC Inorganic Division Poster Symposium,
2013. * Stanciulescu, M., Caravaggio, G., Dobri, A., Moir, J,. Burich,
R., Charland, J.-P., Bulsink, P. ``Low-temperature selective catalytic
reduction of NOx with NH3 over Mn-containing catalysts'',
\href{http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.apsusc.2014.01.175}{App. Catal. B:
Env., 123-124, pp.~229-240, 2012}. * Caravaggio, G., Stanciulescu, M.,
Burich, R., Scheier, B., Bulsink, P. ``Novel Catalysts for NOx Reduction
with Reductants Produced In-Situ'', DEER Conference, 2010.

\#\#Activities: Co-Founder, Vice Chair, Giving Refugees Hope in Uganda,
Ottawa, Ontario, Canada January 2013 - Present Co-founded charitable
organization assisting refugees in Kampala, Uganda. Administer projects,
developed website, maintain online \& social media presence. Received
charitable status from Canadian Revenue Agency in 8 months.

Designer \& Programmer, ChemCalculator.com Developed website containing
various chemistry calculations not available or not user-friendly
elsewhere online. Direct application of self-taught and online
course-based knowledge and principles of programming.

Residence Don, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada May -
August 2009 Responsible for the well-being of 29 first and second year
students. Counselled peers through personal and academic concerns.
Organized oor and residence outings. Acted as a liaison between students
and the Residence Manager.

Continuing Education: Completed (with verified certificate) portions of
the `Data Science' specialization on Coursera, offered in partnership
with John Hopkins University.

\#\#Affiliations: * Chemical Institute of Canada (CIC), member 2011 -
Present

\end{document}
